# CS255_SYSTEM_DEV_BOGGS

Q: Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?
A: The DriverPass project was a system developed for DriverPass that provdided training resources online and offline to assist aspiring young drivers with their driving tests, these training resources included practice tests, in-person driving training, and learning resources. For DriverPass, it was important that the system was made available both online and offline, and accessible via PC or mobile devices. The system incorporates a login feature for all users, security checks, reservation scheduling and modification, and an interaction with the DMV to stay updated on all testing material. 

Q: What did you do particularly well?
A: I feel that I did a good job of defining the requirements laid out by DriverPass and structuring them within the business requirements document and the system design document. I also developed several UML Sequence Diagrams, Activity Diagrams, Class Diagrams, and Gantt Charts to illustrate the system and the scheduling for the development process in a way that is clear to understand and defines the system well within each category.

Q: How did you interpret the user's needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user's needs when designing?
A: I interpreted the user's needs as they were laid out in the interview transcript. They provided a clear expectation for how the system should operate, potential expansion of the system, system security, and accessibility. If you do not consider the needs of the client when designing a system, the system you design is essentially useless. It does not cover what they are expecting and you failed in your job. 

Q: How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?
A: The approach for designing software all starts from the first interaction with the client. It is important to participate in active listening and note taking to define the expected requirements of the system well in interviews. After the initial interview, the requirements should be defined to the team in a meeting so that everyone is on the same page. Once development begins, it is important to conduct regular meetings to ensure that everyone remains on the same page and relay progress to the client to keep them updated. A deliverable should be produced at the end of a sprint and presented to the client for review to ensure we are on the right track for the expected results of the system. Testing should be conducted within the team so that all individuals are aware of the functional requirements of the system and the testing can flow efficiently. Maintenance should be handled via SSRs and a Help Desk for basic issues and communication should continue with the Client. 
